# Hands On Cloud Migration for Managers

## Abstract
In the past decade, cloud technologies have revolutionized the way software is
architected, developed, and deployed. The ability to instantaneously respond to
market demands with feature rich, low cost solutions is the new norm. Modern
organizations must either rise to the challenge or risk obsolescence. This new
software paradigm represents an almost intractable dilemma for managers. 

The cloud is a highly technical space that is constantly evolving. Today's
managers attempt to cohere countless cloud concepts from power point slides and
cartoons which provide incomplete abstractions. The resulting understanding is
rarely sufficient for meaningful decision making. This workshop aims to remedy
that by giving participants the opportunity to perform a real migration on an
archetypal business application (no coding skills required).

The workshop starts with a typical business application running on a local
machine. All attendees will be divided into one of six groups and each group
will be responsible for migrating the application to the cloud. A global
dashboard will track the state of each team's application and correlate
management objectives to tangible technical tasks. Expect to gain a ground truth
conception of the cloud while enjoying lighthearted fun.

## Presenter Bio
### Dale Alleshouse
Dale Alleshouse is a software engineer and researcher at Carnegie Mellon
University’s Software Engineering Institute. He is a 20+ year veteran developer
with a passion for technology and a penchant for keeping up with software
trends. In the course of his career, he has architected and developed many
different types of software including systems, robotics, and business
applications. He has a particular affinity toward DevOps enabled cloud native
business applications and has participated with cloud migrations for multiple
fortune 20 companies.

Dale’s personal goal is to increase the technical competency of as many software
professionals as possible. Therefore, in his free time, he’s involved in several
technical user groups and participates in mentorship programs. He also speaks at
conferences and actively contributes to the open source community. When not
programming, you can find him studying philosophy or lifting heavy things in the
gym and generally being a menace.

### Eric Alan Bram
<INSERT YOUR BIO HERE>
